doc(serverless/aws-lambda)/Add documentation for captureAllSettledReasons option (#4374)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/guides/aws-lambda/index.mdx

});
```

> ## `Promise.allSettled` Returned by the Handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Capture Rejected Promises in `Promise.allSettled`
```

> _(New in version ??)_

Reviewer: If there's no version set, we shouldn't add this line.
```suggestion
```

Author: There will be a version, right? For the moment I don't know it, but the feature didn't exist before? It's better not to put anything in this case ? 

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/4374#issuecomment-964273769

Reviewer 2: Yup it'll be with the next release, we can just update this PR when that goes out.

> ## Capture all errors when `Promise.allSettled` is returned by the handler

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## `Promise.allSettled` Returned by the Handler
```

> By default, sentry capture the error raised by your handler.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Sentry captures errors raised by your handler.
```

> It's possible that your handler returns a `Promise.allSettled` result.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, your handler might return a `Promise.allSettled` result.
```

> In this case even if one of the messages has failed, no exception will be captured by Sentry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this case, even if one of the messages has failed, Sentry won't capture any exception.
```

> The `captureAllSettledReasons` (default: `false`) option capture all promise rejected results.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `captureAllSettledReasons` (default: `false`) option captures all promise rejected results:
```

```javascript {tabTitle:promiseSettledDefault}
exports.handler = Sentry.AWSLambda.wrapHandler(() => {
  return Promise.allSettled([
        Promise.rejected(new Error('first')),
        Promise.rejected(new Error('second'))
  ]);
});
// Nothing captured

> ```

Reviewer: This is the default behavior, I don't think adding this code snippet provides much value.

Author: remove exemple
1e66df5

```javascript {tabTitle:captureAllSettledReasons}
exports.handler = Sentry.AWSLambda.wrapHandler(() => {
  return Promise.allSettled([
        Promise.rejected(new Error('first')),

>         Promise.rejected(new Error('second'))

Reviewer: In order to be consistent with the code style in the docs:
```suggestion
        Promise.rejected(new Error('second')),
```

  ]);

> }, {captureAllSettledReasons: true});

Reviewer: Same as above, to be consistent with the code style in the docs:
```suggestion
}, { captureAllSettledReasons: true });
```
